1	Use Case [#16]: delete a service

1.1	Description
There is a service that the business needs removed from the application.

1.2	Level
Sub-Function 

1.3	Trigger
The admin selects the option to edit services and selects remove/delete service.

1.4	Primary Actor
Business admin who must remove a service/ product from the site.

1.5	Additional/Supporting Actors

1.6	Stakeholders 
Stakeholders:
•	Business casual worker.
•	Customers.

1.7	Preconditions
The business admin must have an active internet connection, logged onto the admin application, and the service must exist in the database.

1.8	Main Success Scenario
1.	Business admin logs onto the admin application and views services.
2.	A service is selected and the remove. option selected.
3.  A confirmion request is hown and the accepted
4.  Service is removed from the database and cannot be shiwn to application users.

1.9	Extensions
1.	Exception: Service is not available on application:
1.	System doesn’t have the service to be deleted.

1.	Alternative: Service is scheduled by users
1.	Service has to be first delivered to already booked customers.
2.  Reject any new booking requests for the service
3.  Select the service and then delete.

1.10	Post Conditions
1.10.1	Success End Condition
Service is deleted and is not visible to application users.

1.10.2	Minimal Guarantees
The admin is logged out of page. The system logs the delete request and updates the available services.

1.10.3	Failure End Condition
Service is not deleted and continues to be available.

1.11	Frequency
Rarely.

1.12	Special Requirements
1.12.1	Performance
The service should not appear when the admin is done deleting the service, they should be redirected to services page that is updated.
1.12.2	Security
Only admin should be able to delete services and they must provided a key to confirm delete.
1.12.3	Usability / Accessibility
Admin edit services page must comply with South African Disabilities Act requirements.
Admin must be able to view page in English, and on any device of choice.
1.12.4	Other
Make sure the service is not already booked by customers by viewing scheduled appointments.
