1	Use Case [#]:  [Browse a Service]
1.1	Description
The Customer decides to browse for products from the online catalog.

1.2	Level
Low Level

1.3	Trigger
The Customer clicks the browse products button.

1.4	Primary Actor
The Primary Actor is the Customer shopping the Company’s online catalog.

1.5	Additional/Supporting Actors
Secondary Actors: 
•	Online Chat Assistant/Tech Support

1.6	Stakeholders 
Stakeholders:
•	Admin
•	Employees

1.7	Preconditions
[List the system state/conditions which must be true before this Use Case can be executed.]
The Customer must have an active internet connection, logged onto the website open in the browser.

1.8	Main Success Scenario
[Document the steps that illustrate the straightest or simplest path (the “happy path”) to accomplishing the goal. The main success scenario should describe the actors’ actions/stimuli and system response to the action or stimulus. This scenario should always end with a success end condition.]
1.	Customer opens site.
2.	Customer clicks on browse products button.
3.	The system responds.
4.	Product catalog list opens.

1.9	Extensions
1.	Alternative: the customer scrolls downwards to view the product on the webpage.

1.10	Post Conditions
1.10.1	Success End Condition
The customer views and selects a product from the product line. 

1.10.2	Minimal Guarantees
The customer is logged out of order page. The system updates the customer account history.

1.10.3	Failure End Condition
The customer does not view the desired item, and the Company’s inventory remains unchanged.

1.11	Frequency
Transact Online Purchases will occur 50 – 100 times per hour.

1.12	Special Requirements
[Describe any additional factors that impact the execution of the use case. These could be environmental, regulatory, organizational or market-driven in nature.]

1.12.1	Performance
The customer should be taken to the product catalog soon after they click the browse products button.

1.12.2	Security

  
1.12.3	Usability / Accessibility
Order page must comply with Americans with Disabilities Act requirements.
Customer must be able to view page in English.

1.13	Issues and Next Steps

