1	Use Case [#]:  Process Customer Booking Request
1.1	Description
The business admin must either accept or deny user requests

1.2	Level
High-Level Summary

1.3	Trigger
The business admin receives a user appointment booking request through the admin application

1.4	Primary Actor
Business admin.

1.5	Additional/Supporting Actors
•	Customer

1.6	Stakeholders 
Stakeholders:
•	Payment gateway
•	Business casual worker

1.7	Preconditions
The Customer must have opened a user account, selected a desired service, a date/time and requested an appointment.

1.8	Main Success Scenario
1.	Customer makes a booking request.
2.	The request is sent to the admin application display.
3.	Business admin views the appointment details.
4.	If the booking is accepted Execute: 
Accept Booking Request – use case.
5.	If the booking request is accepted Execute:
 Reject Booking Request – use case
 
1.9	Extensions
1.	Exception: Customer cancels booking request before response to it:
1.	The request is removed from the booking requests panel
2.	Request status is updated to cancelled.

1.	Alternative: Customer chooses to reschedule a booking
1.	Booking status is changed to processing
2.	Booking request is sent to admin application display.
3.	If the booking is accepted Execute: 
Accept Booking Request – use case.
4.	If the booking request is accepted Execute:
 Reject Booking Request – use case
 
1.10	Post Conditions
1.10.1	Success End Condition
The customer receives a response to their request.
The appointment date and time slot is removed from booking slots calendar.

1.10.2	Minimal Guarantees
The customer and admin will be able top view the details of the appointment booking and can check its status with the view appointments use case.

1.10.3	Failure End Condition
The customer does not have their booking request processed and more requests with the same date and time slot continue to be received.

1.11	Frequency
Processing might happen 5-10 times a day

1.12	Special Requirements
1.12.1	Performance
The processing should take maximum of 5 minutes and emails and calendar events sent within 5 minutes.

1.12.2	Security
Confirmation email and calendar will only be sent to customer’s emails

1.12.3	Usability / Accessibility
Secure confirmation email will be sent to customer email and calendar event for the booking generated for both the admin and customer

1.13	Issues and Next Steps
Issues:
•	The accept and reject options should be buttons that will execute the uses cases for those actions
