1	Use Case [#11]: view appointments

1.1	Description
The customer has made an appointment and decides to check their appointment details for confirmation and to check if they can reschedule.

1.2	Level
Sub-Function 

1.3	Trigger
The Customer clicks the view appointments hyperlink.

1.4	Primary Actor
The Primary Actor is the Customer who has made an appointment.

1.5	Additional/Supporting Actors
•	Business admin

1.6	Stakeholders
Stakeholders:
•	Business admin
•	Business casual worker

1.7	Preconditions
The customer must have an active internet connection, logged onto the application and a already have a booking appointment.

1.8	Main Success Scenario
1.	Customer logs into their account.
2.	Clicks on [view appointments] button/icon.
3.  All scheduled and Pending appointment bookings are then shown to the customer

1.9	Extensions
1.	Exception: Customer has no appointments:
1.	Application displays a warning message and suggests customer makes appointment.
2.	Actor makes appointment.
3.	The System responds.

1.	Alternative: Actor makes appointment on appointments screen.
1.	Application directs to make an appointment if screen is empty.
2.	Application processes appointment information.
3.	Actor is then shown appointment details.

1.10	Post Conditions
1.10.1	Success End Condition
The customer can view all bookings/appointment information.
1.10.2	Minimal Guarantees
The customer is logged out of page. The system logs the appointment request and updates the customer appointment history.
1.10.3	Failure End Condition
No appointment is shown (customer cannot view appointments).

1.11	Frequency
Always

1.12	Special Requirements
1.12.1	Performance
The customer should be taken to the view appointments screen within 5 seconds of selecting the view appointments option.
1.12.2	Security
Customer is only able to view bookings they made using their profiles, only admin can view all appointments.
1.12.3	Usability / Accessibility
Order page must comply with South African Disabilities Act requirements.
Customer must be able to view page in English, and on different sized screens.
1.12.4	Other
