1.1	Description
A user wants to ask a question about something.

1.2	Level
User Goal

1.3	Trigger
A user reads something they can’t understand and decides to press the Ask a Question button.

1.4	Primary Actor
App user browsing through the services catalog

1.5	Additional/Supporting Actors
•	WhatsApp Chat Online Assistant

1.6	Stakeholders 
Stakeholders:
•	Business admin

1.7	Preconditions
The User must be using a mobile phone with stable internet connection, a WhatsApp account and must have read some of the information on application already.
1.8	Main Success Scenario
1.	User reads something on the app.
2.	User clicks the ask a question button.
3.	Application redirects the customer to the business WhatsApp account with a greeting as the initial message.
4.	An automatic reply asking the user to list their question is sent to their WhatsApp account.
5.	The User then asks their question.
6.	Business then receives the user’s question and responds to it.
7.	User returns feedback for resolving of their query
8.	User then returns to the application

1.9	Extensions
1.	Exception: User doesn’t give a feedback response:
1.	User is sent an additional chat to clarify if they had their query resolved
2.	User sends feedback response

1.10	Post Conditions
1.10.1	Success End Condition
The customer receives an answer to their query and returns to the application.
Business closes the chat and deletes it.

1.10.2	Minimal Guarantees
The user enquiry will be eventually responded.
Further questioning/chatting will take place in order to successfully get to the bottom of the source of the enquiry.

1.10.3	Failure End Condition
The information on the application remains unchanged and potentially unclear to the user.

1.11	Frequency
Enquiries might be submitted 10 – 20 times a day since the scale of the business is still small.

1.12	Special Requirements
1.12.1	Performance
The user must be taken to the WhatsApp chat within 3 seconds and get a response within 24hours.

1.12.2	Usability / Accessibility
Online assistant should respond with pictures, graphs and/or videos if needed

