Client Description

Jean Mobile Beauty and Wellness is a personal care services organization operating in and around the Johannesburg Metropolitan City, Centurion and some parts of Pretoria. The company offers mobile beauty and wellness services, bringing their business to the clients’ door. The business operates on a by appointment-only basis and at a location chosen by their customer. They do not run brick-and-mortar operations.

The services offered by business range from female beauty services to all-encompassing wellness services, all of which provided on the go to their customers. Depending on the service there might be specific requirements that a customer’s chosen service delivery location must meet in order to accommodate the equipment and staff that will be used, to deliver the best kind of service. It should be noted that Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness only confirms this and many other additional information once the customer has shown interest in booking an appointment.

The type of clients the business takes on range from young adults to old age people, and they could be an individual or a large group of people. There is currently no limit placed on the number of clients the business can take on for a desired service, it is information that is only communicated upon enquiry. And Clients direct appointment request straight to Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness through either voice call or WhatsApp chat and this is also the same with regards to enquiries.

Upon receiving a request, the business either accepts it or rejects over the call or chat and then payment details are discussed thereafter. When an appointment has been accepted the business keeps track of it using a basic calendar application, that will provide them with notification as the appointment date and time approaches. The payment of services currently happens through either an EFT payment, which the organization provides their banking details once an appointment is scheduled, or a cash payment upon arriving at the client’s location.

For advertising the business relies on their Facebook page, Google business listing and word-of-mouth. The Facebook offers minimal information on the services offered but it does direct potential customers to make a phone call for more information or make an enquiry through their WhatsApp business account. The Google listing also serves the same purpose and that about covers their online presence and marketing.

