Project Description:
Our group, to be known as Last Block Coders, will undertake the task of creating a mobile web application that will not only help Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness list and detail their services online but also provide their clients with an online appointment/booking system that can allow them to also process online payments.
We will develop applications that help the company in advertising their business, displaying information on their services and how it sets them apart to other business within their industry. Potential clients will be able to browse a service catalogue, make enquiries if needed and eventually make an appointment; including paying for it over the internet, allowing the business to only focus on delivering the best services.

We will have a front-end team and a back-end team with Last Block Coders. Our front-end team will be focused on developing the client application which is what Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness customers will use to virtually interact and be engaged with the business. They will also work on the admin application which the business will be able to use to moderate, modify and communicate with the client application; thereby its customers.

They will develop the UIs (User Interfaces), which is how everything will look throughout the applications and also the UXs (User Experiences), which will be how everything on the application will be layered and made functional. They will be using the JavaScript REACT-NATIVE framework to help them carry out these tasks. Google Analytics will be used for marketing areas of concern that the business will have.

The back-end team will be focused on working on the business logic of the applications including the administration of the database and APIs needed to communicate information between interfaces. They will help in providing the responses to the front-end system requests and its operations. The Python-based Django framework will be used to build the back-end system. Once done this two systems will work together seamlessly to provide a mobile application that will hopefully push Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness forward, enhancing their business operations and growing their client base.

Project Sponsor:
Jean Mokgale – CEO of Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness
Project Staff:
Back-end Developer & Project Manager - Lesego Wayne Hartley
Back-end Developer – Motshidisi Pholoane
Front-end Developer & Quality Assurer – Blessings Nyasulu
Front-end Developer - Lulama Shiringani

Project GitHub Repository
Please note to protect our work we have made this repository private but can make it publicly available upon request.
https://github.com/LastBlockCoders/Jeans-Mobile-Beauty

Project Goals:
•	Deliver a functional client and admin application to Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness
•	Offer their customers an appointment booking system that is a simple 4 step process: select a service, choose a date and time, request an appointment and make a payment after confirmation of availability
•	Increase interest in Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness through some interactive menus that will encourage their customers to try out their services.
•	Make it easy for Jean’s Mobile Beauty and Wellness to retain the interest of their already registered customers through email marketing.
•	Help the business improve and evolve their marketing strategies with the help of using Google Analytics that will be captured when users interact with the application.
